
Financial Services

At Money Matters, we’re all about you. When you work with us, you’ll get more than typical financial planning. You’ll get personalized service from experienced professionals who’ll meet with you one-on one to make this process easier on you. You’ll get your own “watchdog,” who will work hard to keep you up-to-date on the current market, and keep your portfolio in shape.

We’ll analyze your retirement needs and recommend strategies that are intended to help you maintain your preferred standard of living. We’ll assist you with Family Wealth Planning and beneficiary designation, answer questions regarding when to retire and provide financial educational opportunities. Why do we go the extra mile? Because we want you to have the retirement you deserve.

	We review your investments and individual retirement needs and customize a retirement solution just for you. 

    Reviewing your investments and designing a personalized portfolio!
    More than 115 years of combined experience continually monitoring your investments.
    Frequently schedule in person meetings to: review and evaluate your investments and update your financial objectives.
    Quarterly re-balancing of your portfolio to reduce volatility.
    Independent Advice.
    Recommendations regarding allocations within your employer provided retirement plans such as 401(k)s.
    Aggregation of all your accounts to simplify and reduce paperwork.
    Sell strategy.
    Buy strategy.

 
Retirement Income & Distribution Planning:

    Analysis of your income needs now and in the future.
    <--! We review your present and future income needs.
    Analysis of potential estate tax liabilities.
    Continual development and implementation of recommendations to fund your income needs and help maintain a comfortable standard of living.
    Recommendations regarding the best distribution strategy for your retirement plans at work & your IRAs.
    Analysis of the beneficiaries of your IRAs.
    Review the possibilities of converting to a Roth IRA.


<strong>Your retirement needs: uncover them, embrace them, protect them... whats healthier than

This is YOUR Retirement

Your Life, Your Retirement

Don't just survive retirement... conquer it.

You're different... so should your retirement solutions.